h1. externalconfig

p(note). externalconfig is a simple plugin which allows you to load a properties/config file from anywhere on the classpath.

p(note). This means that when deploying your application as a war file inside Tomcat or other application server, you can override config values from outside the war for your Production environments etc.

p(note). externalconfig was originally conceived and coded by Dan Griffin, who gave gracious permission to release it as a module to help others.  I've amended and extended it slightly, but all credit should go to Dan.

h2. Getting started

p(note). By default, the plugin will try and load a file with the same name as your application id (e.g. 'test', 'prod', etc) with the '.properties' suffix.
If you would like to load a different file, then you can specify a filename in your application.conf with the following property:

bc. externalConfig.fileName=/external.config 

h2. Configuration

h3. externalConfig.fileName

Specify the name of the extra config file you want to load.  If you want to load multiple files, seperate them with a comma.  e.g.

bc. externalConfig.fileName=/one.config,/two.config,/three.config

h2. Usage

p(note). Include the plugin as a dependency in your application.  Make sure your external config file is present (even if empty).  For dev/testing purposes, you can keep this file in your conf folder alongside the other config files.

p(note). NB. If you want to move all the config into an external file, you must still include the following properties (these are the ones found so far, others may exist) in your application.conf file:

bc. application.secret
externalConfig.fileName (obviously!)
